Features that boar is lacking, none of which are guaranteed to ever actually
be implemented. If you are interested in contributing to boar's codebase, these
may be good ideas to work on.

Char type

Audio dithering:
A dedicated type should be written to perform dithering when a sample is
converted from a float to an int16_t. Something similar has already been
written in earlier iterations of boar; it just needs to be cleaned up and
checked for subtle errors.

Velocity sensitivity:
Both carriers and modulators should respond to the velocity of key presses in
some manner. In MIDI this is a value between 0 and 127. The note (n) command
could be re-written so that `n 0 ... n 127` refer to key presses at maximum
velocity, and n values greater than 127 refer to velocity sensitive inputs. The
responsibility would fall upon external programs to translate these values
accordingly, as it already does with MIDI note on/off procedures. This
preserves the ability of a user to operate the REPL without a MIDI keyboard in
a straightforward manner, but allows him/her to complicate matters with
additional tools if they wish. The carrier/modular sensitivity to velocity
could be tweaked with touch (t/T) commands between 0.0 (no sensitivity) and 
1.0 (max sensitivity).

Free-running modulators:
Modulators currently oscillate at a fixed ratio to their carrier, which makes
sense for most FM-esque sounds, but is less useful in emulating LFOs. There
should also be a global modulator whose frequency and amplitude can be edited
with float values to the (f/F) commands respectively.

Fixed-rate carriers:
An option to tell the carrier wave to oscillate at a fixed Hz value, regardless
of what key is pressed. This would render an individual instance of boar
musically useless, but could be useful in a larger chain of boars for patches
that need formants, etc.

Info:
Running the info command (i), followed by a string, should return information
about the queried parameter to stderr. Like `i W'` would return the shape of
the modulator wave, etc.

Help:
A help (h) command followed by a command char could explain the purpose of
each command. 

Modify ByteBuffer
Mixed-down int16_t samples can likely be written directly to it, without the
need for manual bit-shifting.

Sampling
A dedicated wavetable based on a .WAV file specified in command-line args.
Various pitch-shifting algorithms like resampling, SOLA, and phase vocoding.
Controls over formants and the like. All frequency analysis should ideally take
place at initialization since the wavetable is known ahead of time. This data,
assuming it isn't too large, should be available in a dedicated type to ease
the computational impact of frequency domain pitching. Samples used as
envelopes should maybe use the first 4096 values of their tables.

Value
In addition to the (v) value command that accepts integers, there may need to
be a (V) command for floats. This space has been reserved for future-proofing.

Sample + Hold
In addition to pure noise signals, there should be some kind of s+h feature.

Comments
Comments in various files should be updated or expanded upon.
